We are unable to respond to Do Not Track signals set by your browser at this time.
These tracking technologies collect information about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take on the Service).
We and our third-party partners may also use cookies and tracking technologies for advertising purposes.
Company may share data collected from or about you with its third party partners to facilitate the program or services being offered.
In the event that the company is involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, change of control, or any form of sale of some or all of our assets, your personal information may be transferred or disclosed in connection with such a business transaction.
These third party ad networks use tracking technologies to recognize your browser or device and to collect information about your visit to our Service.
Please note that removal of your content or information does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal, as there may be de-identified or recoverable elements of your content or information on our servers in some form.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
We collect purchase history.
We collect information about people with whom you communicate or share content.
We collect voice and audio information when you use audio features.
If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Do not currently respond to DNT signals.
We do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure.
These partners provide information about your activities off Facebook – including information about your device, websites you visit, purchases you make, the ads you see and how you use their services – whether or not you have a Facebook account or are logged in to Facebook.
We use the information about your interests, actions and connections – to select and personalise ads, offers and other sponsored content that we show you.
We use location-related information – such as your current location, where you live, the places you like to go, and the businesses and people you're near – to provide, personalise and improve our products, including ads, for you and others.
We use the information we have (including your activity off our Products, such as the websites you visit and ads you see) to help advertisers.
We also receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with the Platform, even if you have not created an account. 
We use cookies, log files, pixel tags, local storage objects, and other tracking technologies to automatically collect information about your activities, such as your searches, page views, date and time of your visit.
We may also receive information about you from third parties, such as other users, partners (including ad partners), or our affiliated companies.
We use Pixels, web beacons, clear GIFs etc in our emails to let us know when they have been opened or forwarded, so we can gauge the effectiveness of our communications.
When you communicate with us (via email, phone, text message, through the Platform, or otherwise), we may maintain a record of your communication.
We collect browsing information – such as IP address and location, date and time stamp, user agent, cookie ID (if applicable), URL, unique advertising or content identifiers (if applicable) and time zone, and other information about user activities on the Platform, as well as on third-party sites and services that have embedded our pixels (“Pixels”), widgets, plug-ins, buttons, or related services.
We collect the content you submit to the Services. This includes your posts and comments including saved drafts, videos you broadcast via RPAN, your messages with other users (e.g., private messages, chats, and modmail), and your reports and other communications with moderators and with us. 
We may receive location information from you when you choose to share such information on our Services, including by associating your content with a location, or we may derive your approximate location from other information about you, including your IP address.
We may receive demographic or interest information about you from third parties, including advertisers (such as the fact that an advertiser is interested in showing you an ad), and combine it with our own data using a common account identifier such as a hash of an email address or a mobile-device ID.
If you link your account with a third-party service, Platform will share the information you authorize with that third-party service.
Unless otherwise noted, the amended Terms will be effective immediately, and your continued use of our Services and Software will confirm your acceptance of the changes.
We can remove any content you post for any reason.
If you post Member Content to our Services, you hereby grant us a perpetual (i.e. lasting forever), worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully sublicensable (i.e. we can grant this right to others) license to use, reproduce, display, perform, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, have distributed and promote such Member Content in any form.
You irrevocably waive any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your Content.
To use, copy, modify, adapt, prepare derivative works of, distribute, store, perform, and display Your Content and any name, username, voice, or likeness provided in connection with Your Content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed anywhere in the world.
You must provide your legal name, pseudonyms are not allowed.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, terminate your rights to use our services, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at our sole discretion.
We may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of your videos that have been removed or deleted.
We may use cookies to show you relevant advertising both on and off the LinkedIn site. We may also use a cookie to learn whether someone who saw an ad later visited and took an action (e.g. downloaded a white paper or made a purchase) on the advertiser’s site. 
Our partners may use a cookie to determine whether we’ve shown an ad and how it performed, or provide us with information about how you interact with ads.
Services may provide information and software that is inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, illegal, offensive, or otherwise harmful.
You give us permission to use your name and profile picture and information about actions you have taken on our Platform next to or in connection with ads, offers, and other sponsored content that we display across our Products, without any compensation to you.
We have a legitimate interest in using information we collect to customize your experience based on your offsite behavior. 
This agreement contains a mandatory arbitration of disputes provision that requires the use of arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes.
We do not warrant the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you.
For external processing, We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us.
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
We also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time.
recipients have their own copy of your communications - even if you delete your copy of those messages from your account - which they may duplicate, store, or re-share
Subject to your settings, we may collect, use, and store additional information about your location - such as your current precise position or places where you’ve previously used the service.
Third parties may also collect other personal data from you, such as cookie identifiers or your IP address.
we may automatically collect and store certain information about you and the activity you engaged in
We collect technical information associated with your activity on our Site and may include information related to your browser and operating system, IP address (the Internet address of your computer) unique device identifiers, and other information such as your device type.
If you received your account from a third party, the third party may have additional rights over your account, like the ability to access or delete your account.
We may provide your personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies and the aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us in providing our services to you for their use solely to provide us with such assistance.
This service uses your personal information for many different purposes.
Deleting your Account may not fully remove the content you have published.
We may look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us.
This information also includes the kind of content or ads served, viewed or clicked on, the frequency and duration of your activities, the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next.
These logs contain the time of visit, page requested, possibly referral data, and located in a separate log browser information.
The company may suspend or terminate your Membership at any time, without warning, or may limit your access to the Website content, or to a part of it.
The company  may immediately terminate these Terms or any Services with respect to you, or generally cease offering or deny access to the Services or any portion thereof, at any time for any reason.
The service reserves the right to investigate and/ or terminate your account without a refund of any purchases if you have violated this Agreement, misused the Service or behaved in a way that the service regards as inappropriate or unlawful, including actions or communications that occur on or off the Service.
The information collected by the service is used for the purpose of troubleshooting, targeting ads and measuring ad effectiveness on behalf of advertisers.
We share your Personal Data with advertising and analytical companies to deliver information relevant to you about new features and offers.
We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
We use common information-gathering tools, such as cookies, pixel tags and Web beacons, to collect information about your general internet usage.
You agree to waive, and do waive, any legal or equitable right or remedy you may have against us.
Finally, you irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against the service and its users any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your Content.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
The data sharing may include transfers to companies or organizations in countries without an adequate standard of data protection.
Data we collect may be transferred to, stored and processed in any country or territory where one or more of our Guardian group companies or service providers are based or have facilities.
We transfer your personal information to the US and other countries, which may be outside the country in which you live.
This license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed, and includes our use of your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images you provide.
You also grant to Listia the right to use your name in connection with the submitted materials and other information as well as in connection with all advertising, marketing and promotional material related thereto.
You irrevocably grant us a world-wide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, non-cancelable, sublicensable license to reproduce, publicly perform, publicly display, distribute, adapt, modify, publish, translate, create derivative works of and otherwise exploit User Submissions for any purpose, including without limitation any purpose contemplated by the Website and these Terms.
Display your content and any name, username, voice, or likeness provided in connection with Your Content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed.
Company shall have the right to monitor and/or record your communications when you use the Platform, and you acknowledge and agree that when you use the Platform, you have no expectation that your communications will be private.
It reserves the right in its sole discretion to remove or edit User Content by you
We may impose usage or Service limits, suspend Service, terminate VPN accounts, or block certain kinds of usage in our sole discretion to protect Subscribers or the Service.
We also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time.
Company reserves the right to amend these Terms of Service at any time and without notice.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service.
Any content you add or any change that you make to the website will be publicly and permanently available.
Your profile is combined across various products.
The placing of these technologies on your device may enable you to be identified across multiple websites and online services.
We may collect information about your activity on third-party services that use cookies provided by us.
The service may collect extra data about you through promotions.
We may also collect information from advertising platforms and partners and other third parties such as information about purchases and interests.
We share this information with certain third-parties (e.g., talent recruiters, payment processors, and advertising providers)
If for any reason we transfer or divest ourselves of our business assets, our customer information may be transferred as one of these business assets.
We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
Permission to use your username, profile picture, and information about your relationships and actions with accounts, ads, and sponsored content. You give us permission to show your username, profile picture, and information about your actions (such as likes) or relationships (such as follows) next to or in connection with accounts, ads, offers, and other sponsored content that you follow or engage with that are displayed on Products, without any compensation to you. 
By submitting any Feedback, you grant us the right to use the Feedback without any restriction or any compensation to you.
We automatically collect Internet Protocol addresses (“IP Address”), a unique user ID, device and browser types and identifiers, referring to and exit page addresses.
We may also use your collected information to customize such marketing messages as well as collect information on whether you opened such messages and which links in their text you followed.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on videos.
Our ad management partners ("Ad Partners"), however, may collect information from you directly when you visit our website, using technologies like cookies and web beacons. 
