1. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
2. We established ourselves as a not-for-profit organization so that our mission of education and your trust will not be in conflict with a for-profit motive.
3. We take extra precautions for our younger learners under the age of 13, including restricting child accounts to automatically block features that would allow a child to post or disclose personal information
4. We do not display advertising on Khan Academy
5. We don't collect the precise geolocation of you or your device.
6. You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with any location information
7. We will also not be able to delete information associated with School User accounts that the School User has associated with a personal account
8. Please note that Khan Academy cannot comply with a School's request to delete personal information in a user account except for School User accounts created by a School
9. Choosing whether we share your personal information with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services
10.  Choosing to control targeted advertising you receive within applications by using the settings and choices made available to you through your device(s), for example, by re-setting your device’s advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest-based ads.
11.   If collection of personal information is mandatory, we will make that clear at the point of collection so that you can make an informed decision whether to participate
12.  We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health
13.  We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email unless you ask us to
14.  Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account
15.  Control what others see about you across Google services
16.  If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy
17.  You may remove your Content from the Service at any time
18.  You may stop using the Service at any time
19.  You also have the option to download a copy of your data first
20.  When the Service requires or includes downloadable software (such as the YouTube Studio application), you give permission for that software to update automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available, subject to your device settings
21.  Keep in mind that information that others have shared about you is not part of your account and will not be deleted when you delete your account
22.  We’ll notify you before we make changes to this policy and give you the opportunity to review and comment on the revised policy before continuing to use our Services
23.  You can choose to not provide us with Personal Information.
24.  You may revoke Khan Academy's access to your account on any Integrated Service, such as Google or Facebook, at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Integrated Service
25.  You can choose not to receive these emails by clicking the unsubscribe link in any e-mail or via your Settings page at
26.  We will clearly and transparently disclose our data policies and practices to our users
27.  We do not disclose Student Records for targeted advertising purposes
28.  We will not make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or contractual agreements that relate to the collection or use of Student Records without first giving notice to the School and providing a choice before the Student Records are used in a materially different manner than was disclosed when the information was collected
29.  we do not read or listen to the content of your messages and/or calls made privately
30.  we do not store those messages once they have been delivered to their destination (which on average takes less than one second
31.  If for some reason the message wasn’t delivered to its destination within up to 2 weeks, it will be deleted from our servers
32.  We also don't want your personal information for any longer than we need it, so we only keep it long enough to do what we collected it for. Once we don't need it, we take steps to destroy it unless we are required by law to keep it longer
33.  You can control individual cookie preferences, indicate your cookie preferences to others, and opt-out of web analytics and optimization tools
34.  If you have configured your browser to send a “Do Not Track” signal when accessing our websites, Mozilla will not utilize any of the tools described in the Metrics section
35.  Firefox always asks before determining and sharing your location with a requesting website
36.  The Firefox Better Web Add-on does not collect any data.
37.  Mozilla has written agreements in place with these companies (third parties) contractually obligating them to protect your information
38.  Mozilla does not receive or store your payment details.
39.  If Thunderbird crashes, we will ask you to share a report with more detailed information about the crash, but you always have the choice to decline.
40.  You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent
41.  You can edit or delete your account at any time.
42.  We do not receive your credit card number or other financial information.
43.  We use Internet log files (which contain technical data such as your IP address) to monitor traffic on our Services, troubleshoot technical problems, detect and prevent fraud, and enforce our User Agreement.
44.  You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device.